---
layout: post
title: Open Source Summit Europe
---

The Open Source Summit Europe is, sadly, over. In this post, I will show you a glimpse of the conference. It's been an intense week, I've met a lot of enthusiastic people, I've attended great talks, I caught up with the latest tools and projects and I feel I am part of a remarkable community of smart and passionate people. It's like having friends all over the world, everyone with different backgrounds, different stories, but bonded by the same love for technology.

One of the talks I've attended was called "Fast and Precise Retrieval of Forward and Back Porting Information for Linux Device Drivers" by Julia Lawall. Julia updated us on tools that help collect information needed to port device drivers for newer or older kernel versions. I've learned about "Prequel", a tool that queries git commit histories and provides a list of most relevant commits, that can help you solve your proting issue. The results are precedeed with a percentage value that represents how likely it is that the respective result is relevant for your situation.

Another talk I've attended is "printk() – The Most Useful Tool is Now Showing its Age". It turns out that providing a very good, efficient implementation of a tool like printk() is more complicated than it seems.
[printk]

"Bash the Kernel Maintainers" - was fun to attend. It aimed to improve the communication between maintainers and developers and to find solutions for different issues encountered by people who want to contribute to Linux Kernel. Luckily for me, the maintainer of Industrial Input/Output Subsytem, for which I've written my driver, is very responsive and kind. I had no problems reaching him, or getting feedback from him.

Having the chance to present the work I did, over the summer, meant a lot for me.
[poza]

I've presented all the steps I've taken in order to build up a driver for the air quality sensor CCS811. I also talked about my experience as an Outreachy Intern.

I also participated in the Kernel Developer Panel moderated by Jonathan Corbet.
[poza]

I was very excited to be there. I was also very nervous. The room was full, the other speakers were, all, more experienced than me, so I felt a little pressure, thinking I am the newcomer. Fortunately, Jonathan was a great moderator and thanks to him I got a little more confident.

[poza cu jonathan]

Hopefully, I'll have other similiar opportunities in the future, when I'll have more experience and I'll be able disscus a wider range of subjects.



